Sony invited Jack Douglass, owner of the "jacksfilms" YouTube channel, to the world premiere, because he praised it sarcastically. |
On January 13, 2018, Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year ban on movie theaters. This was the first movie publicly shown in the country. It played at a film festival in Jeddah, as a double feature with Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie. |
This was the first feature-length animated movie nominated for Razzies for Worst Picture, Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay. It was also the first animated movie nominated for a Razzie for Worst screenwriting since The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996), which was nominated for "Worst Written Film Grossing Over One Hundred Million Dollars" in 1997. Eventually, this movie won all five Razzies for which it was nominated, including Worst Picture and Worst Director. |
Sony promoted the latter release of the trailer by hosting a press conference in Cannes the day before the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, which featured T.J. Miller parasailing in. Variety called the event "slightly awkward", and The Hollywood Reporter described it as "promotional ridiculousness". |
According to T.J. Miller, this was the fastest produced animated movie in history. |
Jordan Peele was offered the role of Poop, but thought the idea was "messed up". After thinking about it for a day, he asked his manager to inquire what the job would pay, only to learn that the part had already been given to Patrick Stewart. Peele decided to quit acting after this, to concentrate on directing. |
This film holds the record for shortest Rotten Tomatoes critics' consensus, which is simply a "no" symbol. |
Film critic Chris Stuckmann named this movie the "Worst Movie of 2017". |
When Hi-5 takes Gene to the Loser Lounge, he tells him it's for the emojis that never get used. The eggplant emoji would most likely not be in the Loser Lounge if the phone belonged to an adult based on its popularity representing genitalia. |
A week before this movie was released, Sony tweeted a controversial promotional picture parodying the Hulu series The Handmaid's Tale (2017). It was immediately met with criticism for being tasteless, considering the content and themes of the Hulu series. Following the backlash, the tweet was deleted. |
This movie was shown alongside Puppy!: A Hotel Transylvania Short. |
In the Latin American Spanish version, the name of Jailbreak was changed to "Lady Hacker". |
The original title was "Emojimovie: Express Yourself." |
As the phone began deleting, Poop shouted "Red alert". This is an obvious nod to Patrick Stewart's role as Captain Picard on Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987) and his frequent saying "red alert" when there is an emergency. |
Ilana Glazer was originally set to play Jailbreak. |
This is Sony Animation's sixth fully animated film to be accompanied by a short film. |
Inspired by the emojis on your phone, over 250 uniquely styled emoji characters were created from scratch for the movie. |
T.J. Miller's wife Kate Gorney has a cameo as heart eyes emoji. |
Poop's son Poop Jr is voiced by producer Michelle Raimo Kouyate's own son, Jude Kouyate. |
Director Tony Leondis voices the broom and laughter emojis in the movie. |
Tony Leondis' border terriers Henry and Sissy can be seen in the Instagram sequence of the movie. |
Mary Meh was named after Michelle Raimo Kouyate and Toni Leondis's moms who both have the name Mary. |
Alex is named for Tony Leondis's father and nephew. |
As you can see I am an emoji. A "meh", to be exact. Anywho, it's my pleasure to announce our first movie. Yay! It's almost too thrilling for words. So, bring the family. Doesn't have to be your family. -Mel Meh |
I think we can make things right. You just have to go to a place where no emoji has gone before. -Jailbreak
